friends want to play cool
toy style them then time to look
nose tail
choose a hero to taste create your cozy
houses Creek fluffy pet Pimp
and your fluffy and with your friends
goes on a treasure hunt
various raids but will get you
life of a hero you can always marry
worth a hot party at home
you look really cool go
under the link the description is registered and
go into the game sure you won't regret
Hello friends will be with you
to the game Legend account sbis so
we play choco who guards up
guards in general a beehive with honey from
the evil bears feasting on us will find us
then bear let him go to hell
a beautiful man for his schmal ali and
now we can pick up even more than
more precisely, no more need to generally pick up
than which destroys our enemy
god it was that honey can be honey too
pick up this way
you need to quietly fight your enemies
here you need to carefully and because the bee has
we, though reborn near bull
but patrons will be born on the sly
so
you have to be careful Ukhta
little-little gone bear
bears how many of them are just thats floor food
tolpen as well as yet here
went even a little good that we
too many fine so here and the photo
like defens this cool style
made and all come
I can not believe that they taste
it turns out it just comes to
be a little bit then all these what are you
lost I had to guess okay
we will play neatly now
Neatly we will not play far
leave the hive perhaps so let us stand
near him and here watch the vile
bears that can come to me
so wave 2 went bangs
okay, for now let's leave bangs for now and
before the fig is not so normal but in principle I can
describe here to not save on the idea
then from them they can collect amir
staying at a given food can't them not
just enough yes some can there and
stay of course but mostly they can
not enough just tin back there
hike still bears here at all game
cool really cool style to me
I like it very stylish and all
cool
here we are back somewhere else bears
should be probably
so well, yes, quickly go back ours
more bears
amis there
so well now it goes no not only does not give
because these bees are the facts whether
tile but we are still not enough for you
that not enough space a place can become
just so i don't know sadness
too little of what is left for me but not
benz and little by little the color code of the enemies give
chela
but still may be too small
there is no bullet
oh how much pain do i have here
patron no you don't know what to do ai
suite touched me all interrupted
Well basically a game for funny
finding what it takes why not honey what is it
collect incomprehensible that's honey and collecting
I don't understand why
a little incomprehensible but she principle
igrulya cool everyone with this play
play guys cool maybe there
some boss will even be here and in general
if you like the game put the Huskies
subscribe to the channel and see you in
next video
all bye